docs: update gov section to reflect changes from Prop44 (#944)
evmos/evmos: docs/users/governance/submitting.md

The `amount` is `1000000000000000000aevmos`. This is equal to 1 EVMOS, so `recipient` address `evmos1mx9nqk5agvlsvt2yc8259nwztmxq7zjq50mxkp` will receive 1 EVMOS if this proposal is passed.

> The `deposit` of `64000000000000000000aevmos` results in 64 EVMOS being used from the proposal submitter's account. There is a minimum deposit required for a proposal to enter the voting period, and anyone may contribute to this deposit within a 3-day period. If the minimum deposit isn't reached before this time, the deposit amounts will be burned. Deposit amounts will also be burned if quorum isn't met in the vote or if the proposal is vetoed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deposit` of `192000000000000000000aevmos` results in 192 EVMOS being used from the proposal submitter's account. A minimum deposit is required for a proposal to enter the voting period, and anyone may contribute to this deposit within 3 days. If the minimum deposit isn't reached before this time, the deposit amounts will be burned. Deposit amounts will also be burned if the quorum isn't met in the vote or the proposal is vetoed.
```
